Fortunately, heaven has given me a second chance.
In this life,
I won’t lose you again.
Your Highness, you’re awake.
I’ll go find the Imperial Physician right away, just a moment.
Let me take a good look at you.
So, the reason he’s been so kind to me lately
is because of his guilt?
My son, you’re finally awake.
It’s truly the blessing of our ancestors and the protection of heaven.
I’m fine. I’ve made Mother worry.
Dress warmly, Wang Er.
Rest well.
Mother will come to see you later.
Your Majesty.
Have you considered what was discussed last time?
After much thought, I still believe it’s not a good idea.
If the Emperor finds out that I was the one who let you leave the palace,
we will surely be at odds.
Please do not bring this up again.
What?
As the Empress Dowager, you’re so inconsistent?
Your Majesty,
You have been taking care of the Emperor these days.
You should return and rest.
This is truly disrespectful behavior.
I’m sorry.
If I let you leave,
the Emperor may really be in danger.
An unstable ruler
is harmful to the country and the empire.
This difficult task must be handled by me alone.